playing surfers probably the best we've
seen at this season
one hundred percent for getting there
Popovich known as very much on Sydney FC
the dummy from brusk and the shuttle
McFlynn rubbish at what a strike let it
go what a start and it doesn't matter
how tired Adelaide may or not he come
because before anything's even had a
chance to saddle Terry McFlynn his lap
wreck attorney Popovich unchecked moving
deep into Adelaide's territory the
layoff from Alex brass and the Northern
Irishman the unsung hero of Sydney
another foundation player have a look at
that Eugene calico vich it's a rare
sight to see him beaten he was fabulous
on Wednesday night his first job at the
Sydney football stadium is to empty his
own goal that has hit the sweet spot and
Terry McFlynn has given Sydney FC the
perfect start
barely time for Adelaide United to
settle and already they have a mountain
to climb and after what we saw last
night at Suncorp thank goodness we can
put out of our misery already
Popovich crust still going brahs empty
net brushed scores sydney double the
lead a sucker punch rental agent
well that's certainly the one Sydney
wanted and it's another killing
contribution from skipper Tony Popovich
just passing is good problem it's got a
beautiful left-footed again no pressure
on the delivery that's the key point of
donosti being over-the-top Galekovic
only half committed off his line and
brass nimble enough to cut the ball
around the adelaide custodian into the
back of them there it's a great touch
from bras let's play credit where it's
due to beautiful touches and the third
one that counted collected it's for a
rare moment so far in this season just
half a second delay
and that's the buffer the breathing
space that Sydney would have wanted the
likes of a Miss Charlotte bridge under
consideration as well for the fake
Charlie's next assignment against guitar
in Brisbane
next month
another case in point whilst it's
happening we can make it look fling with
an eye
the girls tonight
boss that is a stunner
pendants and slave
he loves scoring
and the best part of this was a co
that has just been smashed
Brendon santalab
this is the result of no pressure on the
football look at the time he's got to
line it up
he's just swatting at flies Eugene
Galekovic nothing you could do as the
night 90 flies into the back of the net
let us try
Lord for the cove as well
intrigued with themselves to buy
whatsoever and you cannot
without getting punished we may not yet
be a great goalscorer Brendon santalab
but maybe he's a score of great goals